Remove remaining fakes (#796)
microsoft/accessibility-insights-windows: docs/AccessingInternals.md

Add the following block to the end of your AssemblyInfo.cs file, replacing <YourAssemblyName> with the file name of your assembly--note that the ENABLE_SIGNING flag is already set as part of the build and that the 3 keys are ***intentionally different***:
```
#if ENABLE_SIGNING
[assembly: InternalsVisibleTo("<YourAssemblyName>Tests,PublicKey=002400000480000094000000060200000024000052534131000400000100010007d1fa57c4aed9f0a32e84aa0faefd0de9e8fd6aec8f87fb03766c834c99921eb23be79ad9d5dcc1dd9ad236132102900b723cf980957fc4e177108fc607774f29e8320e92ea05ece4e821c0a5efe8f1645c4c0c93c1ab99285d622caa652c1dfad63d745d6f2de5f17e5eaf0fc4963d261c8a12436518206dc093344d5ad293")]
[assembly:InternalsVisibleTo("DynamicProxyGenAssembly2,PublicKey=0024000004800000940000000602000000240000525341310004000001000100c547cac37abd99c8db225ef2f6c8a3602f3b3606cc9891605d02baa56104f4cfc0734aa39b93bf7852f7d9266654753cc297e7d2edfe0bac1cdcf9f717241550e0a7b191195b7667bb4f64bcb8e2121380fd1d9d46ad2d92d2d15605093924cceaf74c4861eff62abf69b9291ed0a340e113be11e6a7d3113e92484cf7045cc7")]    
#else
[assembly: InternalsVisibleTo("<YourAssemblyName>Tests")]
[assembly: InternalsVisibleTo("DynamicProxyGenAssembly2")]
#endif
```

> The PublicKey values for DynamicProxyGenAssembly2 are fixed by and ***must*** remain unchanged. The PublicKey for the main assembly must remain in sync with the public key used for the entire project. You can safely omit the DynamicProxyGenAssembly2 entry if you don't unit tests with Moq.

Reviewer: (nit, wording)
```suggestion
The PublicKey values for DynamicProxyGenAssembly2 are fixed and ***must*** remain unchanged. The PublicKey for the main assembly must remain in sync with the public key used for the entire project. You can safely omit the DynamicProxyGenAssembly2 entry if you don't unit test with Moq.
```
